Update readmes to match common design (KML category) 2/2 (#460)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-java: kml/list-kml-contents/README.md

# List KML contents

List the contents of a KML file.

![Image of list KML contents](ListKMLContents.png)

## Use case

KML files can contain a hierarchy of features, including network links to other KML content. A user may wish to traverse through the contents of KML nodes to know what data is contained within each node and, recursively, their children.

## How to use the sample

The contents of the KML file are shown in a tree. Select a node to zoom to that node. Not all nodes can be zoomed to (e.g. screen overlays).

## How it works

1. Add the KML file to the scene as a layer.
2. Explore the root nodes of the `KmlDataset` recursively explored to create a view model.
  * Each node is enabled for display at this step. KML files may include nodes that are turned off by default.

> 3. When a node is selected, use the node's `Extent` to determine a viewpoint and set the `SceneView` object's viewpoint do it.

Reviewer: We have no Extent class in our API, it's a method we call instead. Also a wee typo and an opportunity to format viewpoint as a class: 
```suggestion
3. When a node is selected, get its extent with selectedNode.getExtent(). Use that to create a `Viewpoint` and set the `SceneView` object's viewpoint to it.
```
